Ms graph add Email/text to incident labels (#20773)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphMail/ReleaseNotes/1_2_2.md

#### Integrations
##### O365 Outlook Mail (Using Graph API)

> - Added the *Email/text* to incident labels to allow observing the email in a text format when fetching incidents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *Email/text* output to incident labels to display the email in a text format when fetching incidents.
```
